stephanie via lucky summer
lucky too because it's
now and guys and girls who
offer flowers to the brain in mind
who will only receive flowers
and there are roses but what we get
ask how long it lasts
could fresh flowers but they
will go to entries of 5 to 7 days maximum
they saw them she no longer mix that
can go up to two weeks because
as flowers as long as the kilo
pink is still a week with
stuff you 'll give us but she
flirts for a long time you have the
family link ollier we see
often but who puts their lives in guay
attested three weeks anyway
swept all the orchids yes flowers
exotic everything is presented a
Daisy
yes it's true it's his name name wii
nothing is rolled god still much
their killer must ask them at this time
where bloom yes but the red rose
which is the symbol of valentine's day
5 to 7 days with the star first
we receive it what we do
good you prepare your to start
then of the tool and i soupoudré a
little preservatives is key
card that florists gives us with
a bouquet if I do not have the bag
what can I do a plug
it is the enormous fact that reigns that feeds
him by with the sugar precisely is whose
1/2 sachet 4 excuse my kingdom know
with the help of a friend who has plenty of
know full sweat all
that's what you crush and dilute
in the water, but it's okay
keep only clean water
that's it then get scared lower the
number of bacteria so it makes live
the highest point flops but we can
not the little comics at home
when they go to do it and I'm going to them in
full there we create a pale howl
rather than settle and their me
I act so dumont ends the virtuous
no at all
it is by helicopter 53 the third of this expensive
in the EU in August yesterday that 's because
that we will have to change the water on the train
to say that it's his prevention
we brew but your with a pair of
scissors scissors this day guardian
like this is then from this wind
unwrap the neck the price look there it's
look and warm temperature but it's
the old temperature record
I already want to say that in the water
icy it's ben real name good
I wish we were in the feet
in the cold did not do anymore after
it's good as paralyzed but if I
understand that
at the end of the ball of bouquets by its beautiful
it's still impressive
say there are Turkish a dozen roses
red besides dozen care of roses
reds and people who said that
such no do not minimize the facs of
the red rose is important so we
goes down a sum these 14 where
exactly
always beautiful to cut the
flowers never the chisel breaks on the screen
this stuff to 1 by winning for him
had said if I did not because it's
not everyone anyway that a
exacto bring plaintiff is what we
take you the sharp knife he
come forward treat me is that in time I
take me so everything with my exact then
jumping ok I'll get you up anyway
a good one good centimeter or two bay -
but in fact it's still good to
see the rate as well as in say one
risk very flat always a bevel
because six students
the cut is longer like this
flair is really worth seeing that these
cuts by once the box will jerez
the bouquets related as they have
small losserand fasteners so far yes
you always have to light up like that for
that the loan is bamba in fact what it
must be avoided is that the leaves are
pick up in the water is loeb it's okay
we do that if you see leaves
visibility I'm lifting up there all the
time like that you are sure that their
space and one can enjoy their
bouquet but still it is necessary to cut
summer change the water how often
every two days have changed at the exchange or
we add preservative
information always then life here not
basic as it should leather the
changes so it's always on
intersects the pink jelly flowers tgv as
city ​​up to seven days
yes the other flowers depending on
up to three weeks with gay and
orchids his mission thank you it's not
a good valentine's day